TFKUBE-447: Document db_name for all products and changed the default… (#219)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/BAMBOO_CONFIGURATION.md

!!! info "The allowed value range of IOPS may vary based on instance class"
You may want to adjust these values according to your needs. For more information, see [Amazon RDS DB instance storage — Amazon Relational Database Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html){.external}.

### Database name

> `bamboo_db_name` defines the name of database used for Bamboo in RDS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bamboo_db_name` defines the name of database to be used for the Bamboo RDS instance.
```
